clustermesh: add mcs-api CRDs auto-installation (#40729)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/upgrade.rst

  This flag currently masquerades traffic to node ``InternalIP`` addresses.
  This may change in future. See :gh-issue:`35823`
  and :gh-issue:`17177` for further discussion on this topic.

> * If MCS-API support is enabled, Cilium now install and manage MCS-API CRDs by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If MCS-API support is enabled, Cilium now installs and manages MCS-API CRDs by default.
```

Author: Woops indeed, thanks!
